README.md, before:

﻿# Chocolatey Package: wwphone Client (Whitelabel)

[![Chocolatey](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/v/wwphone-cti?label=package%20version)](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/wwphone-cti) [![Chocolatey](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/dt/wwphone-cti?label=package%20downloads&style=flat-square)](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/wwphone-cti)

## Description

The wwphone client (Whitelabel version) can be operated either as a standalone software solution or in conjunction with a hardphone. It is not a normal softphone: it has been specifically tuned to the wwcommunicator and, thanks to its own interfaces, it has a range of functions that would not be possible with the normal connection of a SIP softphone to a SIP PBX.

## Functions:
- Call transfer: allows switching between two active calls.
- Conference call with up to eight participants.
- TAPI (Telephony Application Programming Interface) connects to Outlook, industry software, etc.
- Call handling - incoming calls are displayed directly on the computer with caller information based on the stored address book.
- Access to the central address book of the wwcommunicator.
- Taking notes during a call.
- Recording conversations with the push of a button.
- Forwarding caller information by email.
- Task list for missed calls.
- Outgoing calls can be initiated directly from the computer. Outgoing number display is selectable (e.g. use the main number for certain contacts or suppress the number).
- Display of online and busy status of employees.

## Installation

```ps1
choco install wwphone-cti
```

## Author

- [Benaiah Matthew Catherasoo](https://github.com/bmcatherasoo)
- [Open Circle AG](https://www.open-circle.ch)

## Copyright

&copy; 2023, Open Circle AG

Commit message:

sync readme with wwphone packages

README.md, after:

﻿# Chocolatey Package: wwphone Client (Whitelabel)

[![Chocolatey](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/v/wwphone-cti?label=package%20version)](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/wwphone-cti) [![Chocolatey](https://img.shields.io/chocolatey/dt/wwphone-cti?label=package%20downloads&style=flat-square)](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/wwphone-cti)

wwphone-cti is a whitelaber Softphone Solution from wwcom

## Description

The wwphone client (Whitelabel version) can be operated either as a standalone software solution or in conjunction with a hardphone. It is not a normal softphone: it has been specifically tuned to the wwcommunicator and, thanks to its own interfaces, it has a range of functions that would not be possible with the normal connection of a SIP softphone to a SIP PBX.

## Functions:

- Call transfer: allows switching between two active calls.
- Conference call with up to eight participants.
- TAPI (Telephony Application Programming Interface) connects to Outlook, industry software, etc.
- Call handling - incoming calls are displayed directly on the computer with caller information based on the stored address book.
- Access to the central address book of the wwcommunicator.
- Taking notes during a call.
- Recording conversations with the push of a button.
- Forwarding caller information by email.
- Task list for missed calls.
- Outgoing calls can be initiated directly from the computer. Outgoing number display is selectable (e.g. use the main number for certain contacts or suppress the number).
- Display of online and busy status of employees.

## Installation

```ps1
choco install wwphone-cti
```

## Author

- [Benaiah Matthew Catherasoo](https://github.com/bmcatherasoo)
- [Open Circle AG](https://www.open-circle.ch)

## Copyright

&copy; 2023, Open Circle AG
